-: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are looking into
Cluster Autoscaler from EKS.
So how we are going to do that,
cluster node groups autoscaling means like inside the groups
how we are going to autoscale the EC2 worker nodes.
So on a very high level Cluster Autoscaler is a tool
that automatically adjust the size of a Kubernetes cluster
when one of the following conditions is true.
So there are parts that fail to run in the cluster
due to insufficient resources.
During that time so Cluster Autoscaler
will increase the number of nodes so that these parts
gets the sufficient resources to schedule on the new nodes.
And there are nodes in the Cluster
that have been underutilized for an extended period of time
and there parts can be placed on other existing nodes
and then these underutilized nodes can be removed
from the Cluster and then get terminated.
So from cost point of view, Cluster Autoscaler
helps a lot for us in increasing or decreasing.
So from performance point of view,
for increasing the number of nodes,
for scaling up the number of nodes, it helps us.
And from cost perspective,
it saves us when we are not using the resources
it can scale down and then help us from cost perspective.
And the Cluster Autoscaler modifies our worker node groups
so that they scale out when we need more resources
and then scale in when we have underutilized resources.
All in all, it is going to benefit us a lot.
So let's go to our GitHub repo and, if you see here,
17 EKS Autoscaling Cluster Autoscaler
will be our current section.
As part of that, we completed the introductory section
and then in our next lecture we'll focus on our step two.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.